Reminicenses of a Stock Operator.


Why Stocks Go Up (and Down) - William H. Pike


Modern Poker Theory

How to predict the unpredictable

The little book of common sense investing, by John C. Bogle.


The Price Of Time by Edward Chancellor.


You to can be stock market genius - Joel Greenblatt


Principles by Ray Dalio.


richer wiser happier by William Green

Fooled by Randomness by Nassim Taleb


Rule #1 by Phil Town


Stocks for the Long Run by Jeremy Siegel


Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond by Bruce Greenwald.


How I Made $2,000,000 Dollars in the Stock Market by Nicholas Darvas 


Market Wizards by Jack D. Schwager.


The Millionaire Next Door 

CFA Level 1 textbook Chapter 12 (Monetary Policy)


7 secrets to investing like Warren buffet.


What I learned about investing from darwin


What I learned losing a million dollars


Poor Charlie's Almanac: The Essential Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger


security analysis

The four pillars of investing by William Bernstein	


Invest like a guru


Phil Town, Payback Time 


Michael Lewis, The Big Short


The Bitcoin Standard


Broken money by Lyn Alden


Compound girth


Simple path to wealth by J.L Collins


12 rules for life by Jordan Peterson??


The best looser - Tom hougard


I will teach you to be rich by Ramit Sethi!


The Complete TurtleTrader Book by Michael Covel


The Index Card: Why Personal Finance Doesn't Have to Be Complicated


Richer, Wisier, Happier. A collection of investing insights from the best investors in the world.


the Joy of Compounding.


Poor Charlie’s Almanac


Millionaire Teacher - Andrew Hallam


Valuation: Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies - Koller.


Scientific Stock Speculation by Charles Dow 


Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith Futures 


Options (McGraw-Hill Series in Finance)


Nick Sleep’s Letters to Nomad Investors


Hedgehogging


Concentrated Investing by Allen Benello

The Snowball by Alice Schroeder.


The Acquirer's multiple - Tobias Carlisler


Value Investing- Phil Town


Invest in These Nots by Hugh J Anaus


The Outsiders : Eight Unconventional CEOs and Their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success by William Thorndike


point and figure charting

The art of execution


Technical Analysis by Charles D Kirkpatrick 3rd edition


A million bucks by 30 written by Allen Corey.


The simple path to wealth.


The Richest Man in Babylon by George Carlson


Getting Started in Value Investing by Charles S. Mizrahi


atomic habits??


Unstoppable Prosperity


Think and Grow Rich


Basic Statistics for Economics


The Case for Gold


End the Fed by Ron Paul


The dollar endgame by Peruvian bull


Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits by Phil Fisher



Modern Portfolio Theory


Simple Wealth, Inevitable Wealth, by Nick Murray


How to make money in stocks by J O’Neil.


investment zoo


The Intelligent Quality Investor by Long Equity


The warren buffet portfolio


Irrational Exuberance - Shiller, macro


Fortune's Formula. 


When Genius Failed.


The Essays of Warren Buffett



Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game


Business Adventures


How a second grader beat wall street - Allen Roth.

Little book on index funds - Jack Bogle.


All about asset allocation - Rick Ferri


Intelligent Asset Allocator - Dr. Bernstein


Asset Allocation - Roger Gibson.


Head I win tail I win


What Works On Wallstreet


the neatest little guide to stock market investing


Trading for Living - Alexander Elder
